---
title: "Devlog 5"
date: 2020-11-24T08:01:11-05:00
draft: false
comments: true
images:
---

Hi all, Moxvallix here, writing yet another Devlog!

It has been an interesting week for the OpenSuspect project. We have
made progress, in Programming, and in Branding. We have had some new
recruits join our ranks, and we have unfortunately had a team leader
step down.

Firstly, thanks to \@orangemn6, the OpenSuspect website has had an
update. It now sports a much cleaner interface, with a grey background,
ready to be swapped out for images of gameplay (when they come, of
course). You can check out the new website at OpenSuspect\'s official
domain: [opensuspect.com](https://opensuspect.com/)!

The Programming Team has been busy this week, with work on an
interactions plugin being implemented by \@TheSecondReal0, role
announcement by \@Damjan94, and a kill system being implemented by
\@jngo102. Progress has been made, in part, thanks to the comprehensive
Alpha release design document Game design came up with a few weeks back
<https://github.com/opensuspect/design-document>.

However, we have unfortunately lost a leader this week. \@Luke\_Connor
was the leader of the art team, and was the person who designed
\"glasses guy\", the current character design for the project.
Unfortunately, due to real life events, \@Luke\_Connor could not
continue as Art Team leader, and stepped down. The Art Team are
currently holding another election to determine the next leader. If you
would like to learn more, wish \@Luke\_Connor a farewell, or wish him
luck, we have this Reddit post dedicated to the topic.
<https://www.reddit.com/r/OpenSuspect/comments/jym74y/a_thankyou_to_luke_connor/>

That\'s all for this week. Thankyou for reading our Devlog, and if you
are interested in following the project, join our Reddit to stay up to
date with the latest Devlogs and announcements, or join our Discord to
chat with the Devs! If you are interested in contributing, check out our
Github for an up-to-date guide on how to start contributing!

<https://www.reddit.com/r/OpenSuspect/>

<https://discord.gg/jV5D9Q6nt7>

<https://github.com/opensuspect/opensuspect>
